When I talked about the manager just now, it seemed like he wanted to steal someone else's business.
It's not good to have one big and seven small.
Talking about being respectful offends Li Fei,
Immediately again. boss,
I know I was wrong, please give me another chance.
Didn't you hear what your boss said? This is for you.
Beauty, please,
Go through the girl formalities. This one is for you.
Miss, you and Mr. Zheng have agreed on this,
Give me one for each person, just because I'm afraid I won't go.
I didn’t expect that this guy would move faster than me.
After the smuggling incident of the imperial master last time, your circle of imperial masters in Tianhai,
Have a certain reputation. This time the Royal Master Exchange Meeting,
Decide which addresses you can keep in your circle
The Liu family will also participate in this exchange meeting.
Liu family, even if they don't look for me
This time hit their smiley machine
Let me and Mr. Zheng carry out the rumor for you.
Even if the Liu family wants to touch you
By the way, this time
Already found
You won't come up with any tricks again, will you?
Leave that shit month and get a bonus
Leave this matter to me
Are you planning to pick you up in two days?
Leave the grudges between us
Please leave one by one